welcome to Revelation unraveled i'm your
host william tapley also known as the
third eagle of the apocalypse and the
co-prophet of the end times well today
here in America we are celebrating one
of the High Holy Days of capitalism and
that is called appropriately enough
Black Friday the day after Thanksgiving
and I thought it would be a good day to
talk about Pope Francis recent epistatic
exhortation called evangelii gaudium in
which he called capitalism godless and
he is correct now Pope Francis says that
he is not a prophet he does not have the
gift of prophecy and yet his description
of godless capitalism fits perfectly the
Whore of Babylon as found in chapters 17
and 18 of the book of Revelation the
problem is does probe Francis believe
that communism is a better system
because communism is represented by the
Scarlet beast that the Whore of Babylon
rides and according to John in the book
of Revelation according to his prophecy
the Whore of Babylon will be burned with
fire in one hour by the Scarlet beast
she rides is this the outcome that Pope
Francis is advocating just earlier this
week Pope Francis met with the President
of Russia Vladimir Putin now news post
Pope Francis is advocating communism
instead of capitalism it's very strange
that at the same time the Pope was
meeting with Vladimir Putin our
president barack obama was closing the
American Embassy in the Vatican because
he was a
fraid of a Benghazi style attack who is
he kidding is becoming increasingly
clear that Vladimir Putin is becoming
the leader of the world he is taking the
moral high ground in Russia they are
discouraging gay marriage and abortion
whereas here in America Barack Obama
says god bless Planned Parenthood
Planned Parenthood is the largest
abortion provider in the world now I
predicted all this would happen five
years ago before Obama was elected the
first time I said at that time that the
last king of the north Vladimir Putin
would defeat the Last King of the South
Barack Obama so with the Pope condemning
godless capitalism where he says we have
made an idol of money and Vladimir Putin
is taking the moral high ground we are
seeing the events immediately preceding
the defeat of the Whore of Babylon by
the Scarlet Beast the defeat of
capitalism by communism however the
resulting One World communist tyranny
will be the worst form of government
ever perpetrated on mankind and it can
only be defeated by Jesus at Armageddon
so now in conclusion please don't expect
me to give a date for the burning of
Babylon with fire in one hour by the
Scarlet beast because that is hidden
when the missiles come down we will go
up in other words it occurs at the same
time as the retro and for all you people
who said the rapture would occur on
Thanksgiving I guess you've got to come
up with another date but please keep in
mind jesus said over and over again we
cannot know the date of the rapture nor
can we know the date when America will
be burned with fire
in one hour